# Mapping-the-Path-to-Net-Zero
# Abstract
The manufacturing sector's role in the decarbonization agenda to achieve Net Zero by 2050 spans its operations and the wider economy by helping design and manufacture products needed for a low-carbon economy. Countries are trying to develop strategies and roadmaps for Net Zero transitions in the Manufacturing sector. For instance, in partnership with Inspire PLC, Make UK developed the UK’s road map to Net Zero in 2050. However, most of the transition roadmaps are developed in consultation with only manufacturing and sub-manufacturing sectors, thus, neglecting the potential roles and impacts that other sectors could have on the manufacturing sector and vice versa in the transitioning process. Furthermore, research in manufacturing Net Zero transition has focused on core manufacturing activities without viewing the transition strategies from a holistic perspective and gathering insights from other sectors. In this work, we deploy a bibliometric analysis to study the research in Net Zero Transitions in the Manufacturing sector and a Systematic Literature review to scope the links with Manufacturing and other sectors in transitioning to a carbon-neutral economy and finally identify the interventions and impacts from different sectors to Net Zero Transitions in Manufacturing. The outcome of this work provides an opportunity to understand what the manufacturing sector identifies as Net Zero transitions and opens-up conversations on the role of other sectors in achieving Net Zero Manufacturing.
# Objective
To seek advanced knowledge and practices related to the Net Zero transition in the manufacturing sector It endorses an interdisciplinary perspective and a holistic approach. 
•	Conducting a Bibliometric analysis, identifying key themes, trends, and knowledge gaps, and mapping the research landscape on manufacturing and Net Zero transitions.
•	Investigating the domains that are interconnected to the manufacturing sectors that are contributing to carbon emissions and exploring their roles in the manufacturing sector. 
•	Finding and measuring the efficacy and scalability of solutions from other industries that aid in manufacturing’s shift to Net Zero. 
•	Propose integrated strategies for Net Zero transitions that leverage cross-sectoral synergies and address systemic challenges.
